The prep is lectures you learn how to intercept requests.
Let's now create a new interceptor an all name and logging into Satir dot ts.
That's a fall name and in they're all export a class original name logging into resetter.
I will implement HTP interceptor interface just like before.
Now here I want to actually intercept the response.
The logic still is the same though.
We need an intercept method where we first of all get our incoming request which is of type HTP request.
Holding any kind of data and you need to import HTP request from an English common HTP.
And the second argument still is this next HGP handler which calls you have to import will still return
an observable years.
So make sure to import that from our actually observable and does observable will still spit out and
HTP event which you have to import from an angle or comment H2-B which in turn can hold any type of
event.
So that's our interceptor.
Now I want to intercept the response that's super simple.
First of all you return next call handle and pass the incoming request because you don't want to do
anything with that right.
We want to intercept the response.
The cool thing is this actually gets us an observable as you can clearly tell.
We are very explicit about this here.
So now we can just well subscribe to this.
However this would consume it.
So we should probably not subscribe.
But for example call the do operator here to unlock this we need to imported what you do by importing
our exchange as slash and slash operator slash do this gives you access to the do operator.
And this simply allows us to execute some code on any data which goes from that observable without consuming
it.
So that's the difference to subscribe.
We don't well consume it we just have some in-between step with do so here and do I know that I get
some event which I can now well handle here for example simply log like this.
I will simply add logging into resetter in front of it so that we can clearly identify where this log
is coming from.
If we now save this nothing would happen because what do we have to do first.
We have to provide our interceptor to added to this interceptor chain.
So in a court marshal all simply duplicate the last provision and simply exchange declasse your with
the logging interest setter which you of course also now have to import from its path here.
So import the logging interceptor from the shared folder.
Now you might wonder which one gets executed first if we have multiple interceptors.
The answer is the order you set up here is the order by which the request will travel for your interceptors.
So it will first reached you off interceptor and then continue to the logging interceptor.
Let's see this in action.
Let's save this and let's go back to logging in and then fetch our data here.
Here you see with first intercept and the off interceptor which makes sense.
And then in the logging interceptor however here mainly important for us the second output which is
once we got the response both were log sprint that by dialoging percent of though because we handle
any event here we just handle everything.
This request gives us back which is also a descent event.
So this is what we did here.
We didn't change the request here but we are able to respond to anything we get back as part of the
response.
Beat a descent event which basically informs us had requestors send.
We're waiting for a response or the response itself.
So that is how you can do something after a request has been sent or once you're well getting responses
to be precise or before you are sending it by for example editing Perens and then copying or copying
the request adding parens and then handling those copied request.
These are interceptors if you want to learn more about them or dive a little bit deeper into them then
you should really check out the documentation I mentioned earlier.
And what you can of course find linked in the last lecture off this mortal.